add Switch docs to site (#2305)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/switch/accessibility.mdx

---
# Leave the frontmatter as is
title:
  $ref: ./#/title
layout: DetailComponent
sidebar:
  exclude: true
data:
  $ref: ./#/data
---

> 

Reviewer: heading?

> 

Author: ```suggestion

### Best practices
```

- On focus, the screen reader should:

>   - Identify the switch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Identify the Switch
```

Author: keeping it lowercase for now as per content team's guidance

  - Read out the text
  - Express the state

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Keyboard interactions

```

---
# Leave the frontmatter as is
title:
  $ref: ./#/title
layout: DetailComponent
sidebar:
  exclude: true
data:
  $ref: ./#/data
---

### Best practices

- On focus, the screen reader should:
  - Identify the switch
  - Read out the text
  - Express the state

### Keyboard interactions

<KeyboardControls>
<KeyboardControl keyOrCombos="Tab">

- If focus is on the previous element in the tab order, move focus onto Switch.

> - If focus is on Switch, moves focus to the next focusable element within the tabbing order.

Reviewer 2: not sure why here is "within the tabbing order", later is "in the tab order|

Author: @sion-docs @mikearildbrown do you have a preference how we address this, or are we ok keeping them as is?

> - If focus is on Switch, moves focus to the next focusable element within the tabbing order.

Author: ```suggestion
- If focus is on Switch, moves focus to the next focusable element in the tab order.
```
